Adding guidelines on including KMP support (#36)
Kotlin/api-guidelines: docs/topics/api-guidelines-build-for-multiplatform.md

[//]: # (title: Building a Kotlin library for multiplatform)

When creating a Kotlin library, consider building and [publishing the library with support for Kotlin Multiplatform](multiplatform-publish-lib.md).
This broadens the target audience of your library, making it compatible with projects targeting multiple platforms.

The following sections provide guidelines to help you build a Kotlin Multiplatform library effectively.

## Maximize your reach

> To make your library available to the largest number of projects as a dependency,

Author: 🤔 - we can split it into two at "If your library doesn't support

> To make your library available to the largest number of projects as a dependency,

Reviewer: I just thought 2nd and 3rd sentences form a similar topic, compared to 1st and 2nd together
but up to you

> To make your library available to the largest number of projects as a dependency,

Author: I like it - I'll break it into two 👍

aim to support as many [target platforms](multiplatform-dsl-reference.md#targets) of Kotlin Multiplatform as possible.

> If your library doesn’t support the platforms used by a multiplatform project,

Author: oh nice catch - corrected it everywhere

> whether it’s a library or an application, it becomes difficult for that project to depend on your library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whether it's a library or an application, it becomes difficult for that project to depend on your library.
```

> Projects might use your library for some platforms and implement separate solutions for others,

Author: That's a nice way to emphasize - the only thing I think might work better is to keep the phrasing here: 
"...they will choose an alternative library altogether that supports all their platforms." 
This way I think it focuses the part that they will just choose another library instead of supporting all the platforms

> Projects might use your library for some platforms and implement separate solutions for others,

Reviewer: Yeah, I agree

or choose an alternative library altogether that supports all their platforms.

> For Kotlin/Native targets, consider using a [tiered approach](native-target-support.md#for-library-authors) to support all possible targets.
>
{style="note"}

## Design APIs for use from common code

> When creating a library, design the APIs to be usable from common Kotlin code, instead of writing platform-specific code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a library, design the APIs to be usable from common Kotlin code instead of writing platform-specific implementations.
```

Reviewer: double 'code'

Provide reasonable default configurations when possible and include platform-specific configuration options.

> Good defaults allow users to use the library’s APIs from common Kotlin code, without the need to write platform-specific code to configure the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good defaults allow users to use the library's APIs from common Kotlin code without the need to write platform-specific implementations to configure the library.
```

> Place APIs in the broadest relevant source set, using the following priority:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place APIs in the broadest relevant source set using the following priority:
```

* The `commonMain` source set
* Intermediate source sets
* Platform-specific source sets

> > To learn more about the source sets of Kotlin Multiplatform projects, see [Hierarchical project structure](multiplatform-hierarchy.md).

Reviewer: I'd put this tip at the bottom of this section so that you have all the explanations of source set types right after the priority list, and only then the link that leads away to another page

Reviewer: You can even add each explanation right into the corresponding list item, for example:

> * **Platform-specific source sets**. For platform-specific APIs, use source sets like `androidMain`.

Author: I really like this idea. 

I'll restructured it like:

Place APIs in the broadest relevant source set using the following priority:

* **The `commonMain` source set:** APIs in the `commonMain` source set are available to all platforms the library supports. Aim to place most of your library's API here.
* **Intermediate source sets:** If some platforms don't support certain APIs, use [intermediate source sets](multiplatform-discover-project.md#intermediate-source-sets) to target specific platforms.
For example, you can create a `concurrent` source set for targets that support multi-threading or a `nonJvm` source set for all non-JVM targets.
* **Platform-specific source sets:** For platform-specific APIs, use source sets like `androidMain`.

> To learn more about the source sets of Kotlin Multiplatform projects, see [Hierarchical project structure](multiplatform-hierarchy.md).
>
{style="tip"}

>
{style="tip"}

APIs in the `commonMain` source set are available to all platforms the library supports.
Aim to place most of your library’s API in the `commonMain` source set.

If some platforms don’t support certain APIs, use [intermediate source sets](multiplatform-discover-project.md#intermediate-source-sets) to target specific platforms.

> For example, you can create a `concurrent` source set for targets that support multi-threading, or a `nonJvm` source set for all non-JVM targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can create a `concurrent` source set for targets that support multi-threading or a `nonJvm` source set for all non-JVM targets.
```

Finally, for platform-specific APIs, use source sets like `androidMain`.

## Ensure consistent behavior across platforms

To ensure your library behaves consistently on all supported platforms,
APIs in a multiplatform library should accept the same range of valid inputs, perform the same actions,
and return the same results across all platforms.

> Similarly, the library should treat invalid inputs uniformly, and report errors or throw exceptions consistently on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the library should treat invalid inputs uniformly and report errors or throw exceptions consistently on all platforms.
```

> Inconsistent behavior makes the library difficult to use, and forces users to add conditional logic in common code to manage platform-specific differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inconsistent behavior makes the library difficult to use and forces users to add conditional logic in common code to manage platform-specific differences.
```

> You can use [expect-actual declarations](multiplatform-expect-actual.md) to declare functions in common code with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [expected and actual declarations](multiplatform-expect-actual.md) to declare functions in common code with
```

Reviewer: or 
> You can use [`expect` and `actual` declarations](multiplatform-expect-actual.md)

Author: nice one - thank you - let's go with `expect` and `actual` declarations

> platform-specific implementations with full access to the native APIs of each platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platform-specific implementations that have full access to the native APIs of each platform.
```

Reviewer: double 'with'

These implementations must also have the same behavior to ensure that they can be used reliably from common code.

> When APIs behave consistently across platforms, they only need to be documented once, in the `commonMain` source set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When APIs behave consistently across platforms, they only need to be documented once in the `commonMain` source set.
```

> If platform differences are unavoidable, such as when one platform
> supports a broader set of inputs, minimize them where possible. For example, you might not want to limit one platform’s functionality to match the others. In such cases, clearly document the specific differences.
>
> {style=”note”}

## Test on all platforms

> Multiplatform libraries can have [multiplatform tests](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/multiplatform-run-tests.html) written in common code, which can run on all platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiplatform libraries can have [multiplatform tests](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/multiplatform-run-tests.html) written in common code that runs on all platforms.
```

Executing this common test suite regularly on your supported platforms can ensure that the library behaves correctly and consistently.

Regularly testing Kotlin/Native targets across all published platforms can be challenging.

> However, to ensure broader compatibility, consider publishing the library for all targets it can support [using a tiered approach](native-target-support.md#for-library-authors) for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to ensure broader compatibility, consider publishing the library for all targets it can support [using a tiered approach](native-target-support.md#for-library-authors) to testing.
```

Author: hmm I think "for" works better here - "it is used for testing"
Alternatively we could say "to test" but then it would become less concise. 

However, to ensure broader compatibility, consider publishing the library for all targets it can support [using a tiered approach](https://github.com/Kotlin/api-guidelines/pull/native-target-support.md#for-library-authors) to test compatibility.
